EC-218: Basket revision (#1215)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/basket/basket_templates.md

# Basket templates

## Template list

|Path|Description|
|--- |--- |
|`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:show.html.twig`|Main basket template|
|`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:messages.html.twig`|Renders a message when the basket is modified|
|`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Fieldtypes:StockField.html.twig`|Renders the stock Field representing product availability|
|`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:parts:stock_legend.html.twig`|Renders the legend of symbols used to indicate product availability|
|`ezcommerce-base-design/Resources/views/themes/standard/basket/widget.html.twig`|Renders the basket preview in the upper right corner of the shop screen|
|`ezcommerce-base-design/Resources/views/themes/standard/basket/row.html.twig`|Renders one row of basket preview|

> |`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:stored_basket_preview_wish_list.html.twig`|Renders the wishlist row with  the number of products in the "My Shop" menu|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:stored_basket_preview_wish_list.html.twig`|Renders the wishlist row with a number of products in the "My Shop" menu|
```

> |`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:stored_basket_preview_comparison.html.twig`|Renders the comparison row with the number of products in the "My Shop" menu|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:stored_basket_preview_comparison.html.twig`|Renders the comparison row with a number of products in the "My Shop" menu|
```

## Display the content of a basket

> The `BasketController` provides the [`basket`](basket_api/basket_data_model.md) variable containing the content of the current basket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BasketController` provides the [`basket`](basket_api/basket_data_model.md) variable that contains the content of the current basket.
```

You can access all basket attributes from a template.

The count of basket lines:

``` html+twig
{{ basket.lines.count }}
```

Access to basket lines:

``` html+twig
{% for line in basket.lines %}
    {{ line.sku }} 
    {{ line.linePriceAmountGross }} 
{% endfor %}
```

You can access the basket total value (net or gross) using `basket.totalsSum`:

``` html+twig
{{ basket.totalsSum.totalGross }}
```

> To get the catalog element from a basket line, use `line.catalogElement`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a catalog element from the basket line, use `line.catalogElement`.
```

Author: There is only one catalog element per line, so it should be:
```suggestion
To get the catalog element from the basket line, use `line.catalogElement`.
```

> If a basket line does not provide product data (e.g. the caching life time of a product has been exceeded) the product can be fetched using the `ses_product` function, providing it with the product SKU ibtained through `line.sku`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a basket line does not provide product data (for example, the caching life time of a product has been exceeded), the product can be fetched with the `ses_product` function, by providing it with the product SKU obtained through `line.sku`.
```

``` html+twig
{% if line.catalogElement|default is not empty %}
    {% set product = line.catalogElement %}
{% else %}
    {% set product = ses_product({'sku': line.sku, 'variantCode': line.variantCode }) %}
{% endif %}
```

## Adding a product to the basket

> To create a button which adds the current product to the basket, use the following form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a button that adds the current product to the basket, use the following form:
```

``` html+twig
<form method="post" action="{{ path('silversolutions_add_to_basket') }}">
    <div class="js-add-to-basket-parent">
        <input type="text" name="ses_basket[0][quantity]" class="tooltip" data-placement="e">
        <input type="hidden" name="ses_basket[0][sku]" value="{{ catalogElement.sku }}" >
        <input type="submit" class="button js-add-to-basket float_right" value="{{ 'Add to basket'|trans }}">
    </div>
</form>
```

> You can add more than one product to the basket (e.g. in a product list) by using the index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add more than one product to the basket (for example, in a product list) by using the index:
```

```
ses_basket[0]
ses_basket[1]
...
```

!!! note

>     If you want to add more products to the basket (e.g. from the wishlist),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to add more products to the basket (for example, from the wishlist),
```

>     you need one form around all lines that adds all lines to the basket at once,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    you need one form around all the lines.
    The form adds all the lines to the basket at once.
```

>     but you might also need to add only one single product from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    However, you might also need to add only one product from the list.
```
